Deploy Import file size limit on Umbraco Cloud (#6018)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 13/umbraco-deploy/deployment-workflow/import-export.md

{% hint style="info" %}
Deploy does not touch the default maximum upload size, but you can [configure this yourself by following the CMS documentation](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/reference/configuration/maximumuploadsizesettings).

> However, on Umbraco Cloud the upload size limit is 500mb.

Reviewer: I would suggest moving this to the CMS documentation, specifically to the existing _"Are you hosting your site on Umbraco Cloud?"_ note...

Reviewer 2: I agree with Ronald, that it makes sense to add it to the note as well :-)

Reviewer 2: I will add the note to the CMS documentation as well :-)

> However, on Umbraco Cloud the upload size limit is 500mb.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 On Umbraco Cloud, the upload size limit is 500 MB.
```
